PR: [Concept Entry] Discrete Math Proofs (#2581)
Codecademy/docs: content/discrete-math/concepts/proofs/proofs.md

---
Title: 'Proofs'

> Description: 'Proofs is a concept of Discrete Mathematics used to verify the truthfulness and validity of statements using logical reasoning'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Proofs are a concept in Discrete Mathematics used to verify the truthfulness and validity of statements using logical reasoning.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Discrete Math'
Tags:

>   - 'arithmetic'
>   - 'math'
>   - 'logical'
>   - 'logic'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Math'
  - 'Logical'
  - 'Logic'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'computer-science'
  - 'paths/computer-science/'
---

> **Proofs** is a concept of Discrete Mathematics used to verify the truthfulness and validity of statements. Proofs use logical reasoning to establish the certainty of mathematical claims, playing a crucial role in advancing the field of mathematics. Proofs help in solving the problem partially or completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Proofs** are a concept in Discrete Mathematics used to verify the truthfulness and validity of statements. Proofs use logical reasoning to establish the certainty of mathematical claims, playing a crucial role in advancing the field of mathematics. Proofs help in solving the problem partially or completely.
```

## Conjecture

> Conjecture are used to construct a mathematical proof. Conjecture can be thought of as a building block of a hypothesis that can be validated using logics and patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conjecture is used to construct a mathematical proof. Conjecture can be thought of as a building block of a hypothesis that can be validated using logic and patterns.
```

> Mathematical exploration and discovery heavily depends on the implementation of conjecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mathematical exploration and discovery heavily depend on the implementation of conjecture.
```

## Base Case

> Base Case is termed as the initial or smallest value that verifies the statement to be correct. According to Principal of Mathematical Induction, Proof is bifurcated into two steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base case is termed as the initial or smallest value that verifies a statement to be correct. According to the Principle of Mathematical Induction, a proof is bifurcated into two steps:
```
